JUDY WOODRUFF: Senate
Republicans are trying
again to see if there
is a way forward on
health care reform.
Their latest bill to replace
Obamacare collapsed yesterday,
but party leaders say it may not
be dead yet, after a repeal-only
option also ran into opposition.
President Trump called the
caucus to the White House today.
He said he is now ready
to act, and insisted that
inaction is not an option.
DONALD TRUMP, President of the
United States: Frankly, I don't
think we should leave town
unless we have a health
insurance plan, unless
we can give our people
great health care,
because we're close.
We're very close.
Any senator who votes against
starting debate is really
telling America that you're fine
with Obamacare.
JUDY WOODRUFF: Afterward,
Senate Majority Leader Mitch
McConnell said he still aims
to hold a vote next week,
but it's not clear on what.
SEN.
MITCH MCCONNELL (R-KY), Majority
Leader: I think we all agree
it's better to both repeal
and replace.
But we could have
a vote on either.
And if we end up voting on
repeal only, it will be fully
amendable on the Senate floor.
And if it were to pass without
any amendment at all, there's
a two-year delay before it
kicks in.
JUDY WOODRUFF: We will be
talking to two Republican
senators about the
state of play on health
care reform after
the news summary.
Separately, there's word
that President Trump is
ending a CIA program to
arm and train moderate
rebels in Syria.
The goal was to fight the regime
of President Bashar al-Assad,
but it had only limited effects
after Russia intervened
to aid Assad.
The Washington Post reports
the president made the decision
nearly a month ago, before
he met with Russian's President
Putin at the G20 summit.
Afterward, the U.S. and
Russia announced a limited
cease-fire in Syria.
The Post account says that
the aid decision is part of a
strategy to negotiate more such
deals.
Iran today stepped up its
defiant response to the latest
round of U.S. sanctions.
They target 18 individuals and
companies assisting the Iranian
ballistic missile program.
In Tehran, President Hassan
Rouhani charged that the U.S.
measures are inconsistent with
the 2016 nuclear deal.
And he warned of
reciprocal acts.
HASSAN ROUHANI, Iranian
President (through
translator): If Americans
pass new sanctions
in any form, or under
any pretext in Congress
or elsewhere, the great
nation of Iran will
have an appropriate answer.
We won't ignore violations
by the United States, and
will stand up to them.
JUDY WOODRUFF: Also, the head
of the hard-line Revolutionary
Guards warned that the U.S.
had better pull its military
forces back at least 1,000
kilometers, or 600 miles, from
Iran.
The U.S. Supreme Court has
issued a split ruling on
enforcing the president's travel
ban.
The court today allowed the
administration to strictly
enforce a ban on refugees while
an appeal moves
through lower courts.
But the justices expanded the
list of people from six mostly
Muslim nations who are allowed
to visit the U.S.
Back in this country, the
Justice Department is restoring
authority to local police to
seize money and property
on suspicion they come
from criminal activity.
The assets can be taken
even without criminal
charges being brought.
The Obama administration
had curbed the practice,
but Attorney General
Jeff Sessions today eased
the restrictions.
On Wall Street, tech and health
care stocks fueled a day of
record highs across the board.
The Dow Jones industrial
average gained 66 points
to close at 21640.
The Nasdaq rose 40, and
the S&P 500 added 13.
And Salem, Massachusetts,
today marked 325 years since
five women were hanged in the
infamous witch trials.
They were among 19 people
condemned and hanged for
witchcraft in Salem in 1692.
A descendant of one of them
said it brings justice to the
fact that they were wrongly
accused.